-Ah!
-Please.
-Are you jumping? Are you a monkey?
-Please--
-Get down this instant!
Are you Spider-Man?
Is this thief also a monkey?
-Didn't they tell you?
-Please.
Angel has no mercy.
I don't want to die.
-You must die today.
-Please beg him for me.
Angel wants to eat.
-My love!
Please!
Give him more time.
He can make money
from these children and their parents.
Are the parents
and children philanthropists?
You will figure it out.
You'll find a way
when it's time, hmm?
Please!
Please, help me beg him.
-Spider-Man.
-Sir?
-You have one week.
-Ah!
If not, Angel will eat you
down to your bones.
Thank you very much, sir.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
-Sorry.
Gently, please, it's painful.
Calm down. Are you whining like a child
because of this small injury?
What is it?
Ugh.
Don't worry, I'll sell it quickly
and give you the money.
Be still.
Let me show you the rich kids
at the party I went to. Have a look.
They are wealthy.
Look at what you are showing me.
Look at this.
Carmen’s boyfriend and her best friend.
Look what they're doing.
Carmen?
Shit.
Will you show her?
How would that help me?
They are rich, they would buy molly.
Don't worry, I'll sell it off by Monday.
I'll give you the money back, I swear.
Get dressed
and meet me in the car.
Uh, where are we going?
What's up?
Where is our money? Thief, we need it now.
The day has not ended.
Have you spent our money?
No, no, no.
I assure you
you'll receive your money today.
You'll get me the money today?
Is this guy mad?
Come here!
What is happening there, huh?
Nothing, right?
Leave there, all of you.
Go do your jobs.
That punch is a gift from Tuesday.
He said if you don't pay back our money,
every day you will get another punch.
Thief.
The number
you have dialed cannot be reached.
-Please try again later.
Her phone is still switched off.
I swear I'll break that Ishaya's hands.
That fucking bastard!
What if the video Carmen saw
is the one everybody's talking about?
Then why would
she say we betrayed her, huh?
-It doesn't make sense.
-Relax.
If she's seen it,
she's seen it.
-It's about time, anyway.
-But, Nen, you know about my…
You know our plans.
Graduate from Wilmer
and get your art grant?
With the help of Carmen's dad.
Then we can tell people about us
before we go to London together.
Fine.
But do you really need Carmen's dad?
I mean, you're good enough,
and maybe you can
win this art grant on your own.
Nen, with Carmen's dad, it is not a maybe.
It's definitely!
Now Carmen's seen the video, you think
she'll sit and watch her father help me?
And you.
What will people say
about Pastor's daughter?
You have to tell her you made me do it.
You must be raving mad.
Please.
Please, this is my life.
My-- Our future.
I will tell Carmen about us
the day I get the grant.
Please.
Yeah?
Thank you.
Move.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
Mum…
Who is this?
This is the girl you ran over.
Uh…
She's had eight surgeries.
While you're out there
gallivanting like there's no tomorrow,
partying, drinking,
remember that Gift here cannot socialize
because of your actions.
Your father is paying through the nose
to cover your sins.
Atlas, despite everything,
still puts you first!
You're grounded
from now till further notice.
Home, school, and back home.
I don't want to see
your stupid friends in my home.
None of them.
Even Atlas and Nnenna.
Understood?
-Sorry.
What is wrong with Ishaya?
Why's he just causing
trouble for everybody like this?
Maybe if I got him customers,
he could paint
and raise money to pay me back.
We can't reach him
since the landlord brought the letter.
-Did he not answer?
-His number isn't reachable.
So how will we reach him before Friday?
-Rahila.
-Hmm?
Please.
Could you go to Wilmer tomorrow?
Alone?
I would have gone with you,
but look at my face.
Sorry.
Thank you.
Hey, I'm sorry, ma.
-Madam said no friends allowed.
-What do you mean, "no friends allowed"?
-Open the gate, please!
-I'm very sorry, that's the instruction.
Excuse me, please.
What the heck?
The number
you have dialed cannot be reached.
-Please try again later.
-Fuck.
Much better. This is more like it.
Frank,
I hope you like this one.
Good afternoon ma.
Ah! Ishaya, Ishaya, our best friend.
Good afternoon, ma.
Frank says you can draw, and I can see it!
-Thank you.
-Your parents must be so proud.
I hope you like snacks.
I brought plenty snacks.
People love the meat pie the most.
People ask me for the secret ingredient,
but if I shared,
how would I have opened Frankees?
-What? Ma, you own Frankees?
-She does.
Wow.
Um…
-I have to go.
-Okay, ma.
Be good. Enjoy yourselves.
-Bye-bye.
-Bye, Mum.
Wow.
Your mum owns Frankees.
Please.
Carmen.
Uh…
-What's wrong with Carmen?
-Wait, you haven't seen the video?
-Here, look.
-What video?
Uh…
-She has a boyfriend, remember?
Who is walking directly towards us.
I left something for you in your locker.
It used to be my locker.
Someone forgot to change the code.
That's 10K.
Delete the video.
One million.
-Huh?
-Yeah.
One million naira,
or I press play for Carmen.
So what did he say?
He said he wants one million naira.
One million naira? Is he mad?
Ugh.
-Ishaya!
Hmm.
There you are.
So…
What do you say?
"What do you say?"
Please.
Look at how you're disgracing yourself.
Over someone that won't date you openly.
Excuse you!
Atlas loves me.
Sure.
And my father is Bill Gates.
Shame on you.
-Good morning, ma'am.
-Good morning.
Please, I'm looking for a student,
Ishaya Bello.
Go and see the executive secretary,
Ms. Abubakar.
Do you know her office?
-Yes, ma, thank you.
-Welcome.
Aw, are you serious?
Thank you.
Good morning, ma.
I'll call you back.
For the cleaning job, right?
Fill this form,
take it next door and submit it there.
No, I'm here to see my brother.
He's a student here. Ishaya Bello.
Sit down. I'll call him.
Is this for the shortlist?
You should use a blending stump for that.
Please, can I use the toilet?
Go outside, turn left,
you'll see it there.
Thank you.
And, please,
don't touch anything
that doesn't belong to you.
Yes. Hi, is Ishaya Bello there?
My God.
Sorry, sorry.
-Sorry, sorry, sorry!
Sorry.
I've read the book, like, a million times.
Me too.
-Nice.
-Yeah.
-All right.
-Are you a new student?
No, I came to see my brother,
Ishaya Bello.
Really? He's my roommate!
Shh!
Do you want to see
the rest of the library?
Maybe
after I've seen Ishaya first.
Yeah.
I can take you to him.
He's in art class.
-Okay.
-Frank.
Rahila.
Yeah,
and then the fact that he was just…
Ishaya, we were coming to see you.
I knew this is where you'd be.
Frank, I'll see you later.
-Bye.
Uh-huh?
Why did you off your phone?
I didn't turn it off,
it's broken.
-Really?
-Yes.
You know they hit Mike in the face
'cause he hasn't repaid them?
-Hope he's okay.
-How will he be?
Just come draw something.
Mike has already got customers.
I'm busy now.
I'll tell him
to send you a message on Blink.
Draw plenty because
the landlord has given us a letter.
Shit.
Her dress is beautiful.
It will be easy to remove while dancing.
-Really?
-Yes.
She is one of my customers at the salon.
I trust her.
If that's what you want.
-Joe.
-Hmm?
Get me Chinese rice
from that place on the next street.
I am busy.
Busy doing what?
Chinese rice, right?
Mmm. Fufu.
-Adufe.
-Mmm?
I have told you,
quit your salon job.
Come and work in my palace.
But as what?
Why the fuck
do we need a coordinator?
Focus on your drugs
while she and I hold down the fort.
Sit.
-Are you okay?
-Both of you, leave us.
Let me go and eat my food.
Listen.
I'm not saying this as
your business partner, but as your friend.
-Kasali, this is--
-Enough!
That's final!
It's an order.
Tell all the staff.
She's in charge now.
-One, two, three, let's go!
We attack as a unit,
and we defend as a unit.
-You understand?
-Yes, coach!
Well done, guys.
Nice work. Well done, well done.
Okay!
Hey.
-How is it?
-It's good.
-Thank you.
-Clean!
One, two, three, let's go!
-I saw the alert. Thanks.
-Got you.
Do you know any other person
that wants to buy?
'Cause I need to sell all this shit fast.
Why don't you just sell it on Blink?
-Really?
-Yeah.
So I could get into trouble
with the police, right?
Just set up
an anonymous account.
Wow, look at that.
-I'm sorry.
I love you so much, babe.
Please forgive me.
-Get your girl, boy!
I've got it.
If I sell on Blink
with a fake name,
and ask people to put the money
in their lockers, give me their codes,
I drop the molly, pick the money.
What do you think?
-Let me know when you set up.
-Sure.
Thank you.
So you won't go back to work now
until you pay?
It's the best thing to do.
Otherwise,
they slap my face with a spanner.
Michael! You lied to the boss
that you're sick, right?
Open this door now!
Not here…
-Please, leave.
-No!
Please. I'll be all right, just head home.
Tuesday… Tuesday, please.
Another day, another blow.
-Please.
-Tuesday, please!
Where is my money, Michael?
Tuesday, please!
Where is my money? I will deal with you.
I will kill you today.
-Where's my money? Huh?
-I will get you your money, please!
MICHAEL
What's wrong with your phone?
What are you
doing in my locker?
Um…
The three forms
of non-finite verbs are…
-Ishaya!
That will be all for today.
Ishaya, we need to talk.
I've been texting you.
Carmen, I don't have
anything to say to you.
Really?
We should--
Carmen, give me my book.
Reply to my messages.
Okay, spill.
What's going on with you and Carmen?
Guys, it's nothing.
"It's nothing."
-What's wrong with you?
-You saw she collected my book.
-Mmm-hmm.
I just want to collect my book back.
-You want to collect--
-My book.
-My sketchbook, Zina.
-You want to collect!
-Ishaya, you want to collect!
-What? My sketchbook!
-The sketchbook we're talking--
-Ishaya.
Yeah, he's my… uncle.
Good afternoon, sir.
Um, I'll see you guys later, all right?
"It's nothing."
Ishaya's problematic.
You sold everything?
Let me check your phone.
My phone is bad.
But if we get to an ATM machine,
I can show you.
Well, if you're not lying,
I'll get you a new phone.
Are you serious?
Is it… Is it an iPhone?
-Okada!
-Well, where is it?
-Jesus!
You're scared of horses.
No.
It's just a horse,
why would I be scared?
-Hmm!
-It's not serious.
Look behind you.
Jesus.
Stop shouting. You'll scare her.
Carmen, let me out of here.
Are you recording? Stop now.
Carmen, stop now.
Stop recording now. Stop it.
Just promise
you won't tell anyone about it.
I swear on my late
brother's life, just let me out of here.
Please.
I didn't know your brother died.
I'm so sorry.
It's fine.
Meet my horse, Sapphire.
If you keep my secret,
I won't tell anyone you're Dr. High.
Deal?
-Ahh!
Sorry.
-Sorry.
-It's okay.
So…
How did
your brother die?
-It was raining.
-Big boy!
He and my dad were on a bike.
I'll be there soon.
You're holding a lot.
Let him stay with me.
No, there's enough room.
Quick, we need to go.
I need to deliver this art,
my client's waiting.
- A bus ran into them.
I'm sorry to hear that.
It's fine.
I don't like to talk about it,
I don't even know why I told you.
Why are you using molly?
Why are you selling it?
MICHAEL
Ishaya, where are you!!!
-I'm sorry, I need to go.
-It's okay.
Thank you for the drinks.
My sketchbook.
Thank you.
Bye.
Oh! Your secret is safe with me.
-Mike!
Guy, I saw a live horse today.
Not in a movie…
-Mike.
What happened?
Oh, I… I have the money.
-I just rushed to see Carmen.
-Drop the money.
Drop my key.
Why are you
asking me for your key?
'Cause you're selfish.
The only person
you think about is yourself.
Mike, I know you're angry,
but, please, just listen…
Because of your selfishness,
someone could die.
Like Dauda.
I don't want to die,
so drop my key and get out.
Mike.
I would have sold everything this week,
but it's just that the medicine…
The molly…
Good evening, sir.
I'm here to collect a new batch.
Joe, give him the rest of your own.
Boss, don't worry,
I'll sell everything.
I'll sell it…
-Ahh! Ahh!
Three weeks for this one.
All I need you
to do today is focus.
Pass the ball.
-Ishaya.
Let's go, Bulldogs!
Let's go get 'em all!
-Who are we?
-Wildcats!
-What do we do?
-Win!
One, two, three!
Hey! Hey, mark him! Mark him!
Forward, forward, forward!
Reggie!
-Oh, my good--
-Fire!
-Take your shirt away!
-Spray that!
-It's getting lit, bro.
-Get out.
Fire! Get out of here!
-I'm out of here!
Oh, my God.
Fire!